Add information about build folder for beginners (#40)
ignitionrobotics/docs: contributing.md

        sudo apt-get install cppcheck

>     To check your code, run the following script from the `build` folder of the project that you're working. If you're working in the *ignition-math*, for instance, the path for the folder should be something similar to this `~/citacel_ws/build/ignition-math6`, than, run the script inside this folder:

Reviewer: Just some corrections before we decide exactly what to say:
```suggestion
    To check your code, run the following script from the `build` folder of the project that you're working on. 
    If you're working on *ignition-math*, for instance, the path for the folder should be something similar to `~/citadel_ws/build/ignition-math6`.
    Then, run the script inside this folder:
```

        sudo apt-get install cppcheck

>     To check your code, run the following script from the `build` folder of the project that you're working on. 
>     If you're working on *ignition-math*, for instance, the path for the folder should be something similar to `~/citadel_ws/build/ignition-math6`.
>     Then, run the script inside this folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To check your code, run the following script from the `build` folder of the project that you're working on.
    If you're working on *ignition-math*, for instance, the path for the folder should be something similar to `~/citadel_ws/build/ignition-math6`.
    The path example is assuming you followed [our installation instructions](/docs/citadel/install) using colcon.
    
    Then, run the script inside this folder:
```
